From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman Mintz.
Oh, weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists. Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three 92 recorded live
Thursday, October 3rd, 2013. This episode of
Hansel minutes is brought to
you by Tellerik offering the
best in developer tools and
support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net makers of gesture
pack a powerful gesture, recording
and recognition system for Microsoft
connect for windows developers details.
Add gesture, pak.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with clay
McCoy about groovy on grails.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes and on the
phone I've got clay McCoy
from Netflix. Hey, how's it
going? That's great. I'm glad
to be here. I wanted
to talk to you because
you work on something that
is just cool to say
groovy on grails and you,
you work on groovy projects
at Netflix and you also
work on grails project. So
let's start with what is
So groovy is a, a
JVM language, a Java virtual
machine, and it runs on
the Java virtual machine. And
basically a lot of people
there are, are tired of
Java. So you're seeing all
these alternative languages popping up
like Scala and closure and
groovy and groovy is probably
the gateway language to get
off of Java dumb the
language, but still stay on
the platform and still get
to make use to most
of the, the ecosystem. And
it looks a lot like
Ruby. In fact, a whole
lot of gravy developers have
seen something like Ruby with
a, with an R and
seeing what you can do
there and kind of got
jealous and greedy is this
nice compromise? One thing that's
one reason I say groovy
is gateway languages, because you
can basically write Java like
you're used to, and over
time, get more and more
idiomatic, you know, start leaving
off the semi colons, start
using closures, which might be
a new concept. Get more
into the meta programming. So
you can really ease, ease
into that cell development. So
groovy, if I'm a Java
developer and I sit down
and start writing groovy, it's
gonna feel really productive. Cause
it's basically just, Yes, you
can write Java just exactly
like you would. And the
file will have a different
suffix. That'll be a dot
groovy file instead of a.java
file. Interesting. That reminds me
of the relationship that the
TypeScript guys talk about, where
you could take a JavaScript
file and just rename the
extension and it still works.
And then you just start
introducing features until next thing
you know, you've moved over
to idiomatic languages. That's exactly
right. Okay. And does it
have a console, like, you
know, like a, like an
like Ruby has like an
interactive Ruby console, is there
an interactive groovy console? Absolutely.
It does. Yeah. And so
it basically gives you that
four for a Java program,
right? Because you can type
in what it looks like,
Java, what is Java, if
you want to, it's a
good place to start. Is
it a scripting language, but
you mean, I know it
can be used as a
scripting language. So in Java,
the language doesn't really lend
itself to writing scripts. You,
you, you have to write
all this boilerplate, the main
method and you can start,
start there. Grieving gets rid
of all of that border
plate. So, so yeah, it's,
it's, it's a good scripting
language. The, the one, the
one reason you might choose
something like Python to write
scripts in is because the
whole JVM has to start
out, right. There's ways around
that. There's, there's various ways
to keep the JVM running
in the background and your
script gets sent to that.
And, and, and that certainly
maps to this sort of
problems, but yeah, but it's
not just a scripting language.
You can definitely use it
for that. It's convenient for
that, but you can do
anything that you would use
before. Like when you write
real applications using groovy, really,
we find that the most
effective way to take advantage
of the JVM and the
whole Java ecosystem. And right
now, if I understand correctly,
groovy is, is kind of
backed by or controlled by
VMware. And that's actually, because,
you know,  was a
company that made groovy on
grails, like in 2007 ish
and they got bought by
SpringSource and they got bought
by VMware. So there's big,
big money behind this thing.
Sure, sure. But it's also
open source and free to
use as a developer and
just a fun, fun way
to be productive. So even
though there's a company that
backs that you don't feel
like there's any pressure from
VMware, they're not trying to
do anything with it. It
really has a community feel
to it. Oh yeah. It
feels, and you know, all
the way down to the,
the libraries, the things you
get to, to, to use
the community, they're just way
maybe more advanced stuff than
you'd get in the standard
Java community. I dunno. So
you're saying that kind of
like, I mean, if I
may put words in your
mouth, is it like the
alpha geeks in Java have
said, Ooh, this is cool.
And they've kind of migrated
over there. So you're getting
more advanced thinking in the
groovy space than in the
classic Java space. Maybe you're
definitely getting more Ruby like
thinking, but I wouldn't say
there's one set of alpha
geeks in the Java community,
but I would say that
most of the alpha geeks
have moved past Java, the
language, you know, I don't
want to take anything away
from closure or Scala, or
if you had other languages,
I loved those myself. Yeah.
What Greek is just another
way to go about it.
Why do you think that?
What was it about Java
that somewhere around 2007, people
started getting really excited about
building new languages on the,
on the runtime, where it
went from being Java and
Java byte code to being,
you know, Scala and grooving.
All these other people are
using Java as a language
construction kit. Oh, it was
a leg. What I was
saying, saying earlier, you start
looking around at these other
languages, like Ruby that were
really becoming prevalent about that
time. And I wanted to
write Ruby personally, you know,
and a lot of people
did, but I, you know,
you'd go back and start
writing your job code. And
man, it was, it was
a bummer. You just didn't
have all the cool features
there that as a developer
you wanted and a groovy
was coming around about that
time. And I didn't want
to learn groovy. I wanted
to go further away from
Java. You know, I wanted
to be a list developer,
but over time I realized
that I wasn't really going
to get paid to do
that. And groovy started looking
at this pretty nice copper.
I was actually going to
be able to get it
and get it in the
door where I worked in
Ben and use it, you
know? And it was something
you could say, look, here's
this great thing. Let's try
it out. Let's use it
for unit testing. And that
was a good way to
get it in the door,
you know? And there was
no way I was going
to get even Ruby in
the door at some of
these places that were Java
shops that I was working
out at the time, but
I couldn't get a job
as a Ruby developer. I
probably could now, but you
know, not, not, then it
wasn't as prevalent, so that's
the kind of basis. And
then you invest some time
in that. And then you
end up being able to
go somewhere like Netflix. And
they've got, you know, probably
because a lot of the
same developers from the same
background, no groovy, no grills
and, and start writing applications
and that. So, you know,
at Netflix, a whole lot
of our internal applications are
a groovy and girls, Is
there any regular old kind
of classic Java? Oh yeah.
Yeah. In fact, most of
the, the main services that,
that make up our real
product are just standard Java.
Yeah, absolutely. I heard you
kind of say or imply
that you were thinking about
what your next job would
be an optimized, your search
for the language that you
really wanted to work in.
Do you think that's common
for people to say like,
gosh, I really want to
work in foo and bar
languages and who's going to
hire me in that language.
No, I don't know. I
guess that's kind of resume
driven development. I mean, you,
you, you kind of try
to find a way to,
to, to use the things
that you like. If, if
you're, you know, everybody's kind
of drawn to what they
think getting software is it
makes them more effective. And
when you find those things,
you don't really want to
let them go. You want
to, unless you find something
better, The, the language and
you kept saying, it's kind
of Ruby ish and Ruby
ask. And of course we're
on a podcast, so people
can't see us. But when
I think of Ruby, I
think of, of compact and
expressive and kind of poetic
Ruby people seem to like
to build sentences that are
clear so I can afford
a loop. And I worked
in my last experience in
Java was like around 2000,
maybe 1997 at Nike back
in the, when RMI, when
remote event method invocation first
came out. That's how long
I'll go. It was that
I was doing Java. So,
but when I do a
four loop, you know, it's
pretty much a classic four
loop, a four loop in
Java looks a lot like
one in C or in
C sharp, but in groovy,
it's a lot. Terser, isn't
it, You know, you've got
a whole different set of
methods on collections, for example,
where you're using instead of
a four, you've got an
each method and you send
it a closure. And I,
maybe I should explain closures
like blocks of code that
are, that, you know, aren't
executed when they're defined, but
you just send them around
there, functions that you just
send around and it's, it
feels way more productive. It
gets rid of lots of
boilerplate code. The concept of
closures in general is something
that's been kind of like
coming up now where language
is, want that as a
first class citizen, like I
should be able to pass
a function around as easy
as I pass an integer
around. Absolutely. Yeah. That's embraced
then in, in groovy. Yeah.
And, and you can be
very functional and groovy. You
don't have to be, I
mean, it lends itself to
various styles, but yeah, it's
definitely set up that way.
And the enclosures help, I'm
looking at an example where
they've taken a four loop
with an if clause in
between to go and print
out, like spin through an
array, print out something that's
a certain length and it's,
you know, it's three methods
in Java. You know, if
you don't count the, the
curly it's three lines, rather
if you don't count the
curly braces, but in, in
groovy, it looks a lot
like what I would think
of as is link where
it's just the array dot,
find all the claws that
is kind of your guard
clause and then dot each
and then print all in
one compact sentence. Absolutely. It
gets rid of tons of
boiler plate. Now in, in
the C sharp in the.net
space, we are kind of
caution for these things, particularly
in linked because they can
expand and explode and you
can get yourself into algorithmic
complexity in a single line
without realizing how complicated stuff
is. Do those things exist
as well. Oh yeah. You
so along with, you know,
especially the, the meta programming,
but getting rid of the
boiler plate, I mean, you
can write less code and
do more. Yeah. There's, you're
also adding potential shoot yourself
in the foot, especially because
you can, you know, you
can call methods that aren't
there at compile time, you
know, that, that, that come
about later or change or
drop through to method missing,
like in heaven in Ruby,
there there's all kinds of
ways that you can make
your code unreadable or not
obvious. And so that's why
a unit testing is more
important in groovy than Java.
Well, because Java is really
static, right? I mean, Java's
company Filed in groovy as
too, but not upfront, you
know, it's, it can almost
feel interpreted because it may
not be compiled until later,
especially if you're doing certain
dynamic things or, you know,
using, have you been programming?
Hmm. So some of the
features that groovy has that
aren't in Java is like
dynamic typing. You mentioned closures,
there's also native syntax for
some kinds of arrays and
maps and lists Literal maps.
Yeah. What is that literal
collections? Well, you don't have
to define, you know, a
new array list and add
things to it. And, and
it's just a way to,
to get rid of boiler
code and you just put
some rackets and put stuff
in the middle and it
grieving knows that's a list,
you know, or put some
semi-colons in there, but key
value, sorry Colin's in there.
And it's, you've got key
value pairs and in between
the braces and creepy just
knows that that's a map.
I know that that one
of your bosses, Diane Marsh is
a big fan of Scala,
and I'm going to have
her on the show and
talk about that. But do
you feel that there's maybe
one language to rule them
all that like Java people
should just give up on
Java and use groovy or
maybe goofy people should give
up on groovy and use
Scala? Or is there really
room for multiple languages at
Netflix? Oh, I think there's
definitely room for multiple languages
that Netflix and everywhere. In
fact, a Scala I love
Scala to Scala is a
really interesting, and that it's,
you know, very tight, it's
more tight than Java, whereas
groovy, the typing is kind
of option. You know, it
feels kind of optional in
our projects. We tend to
type more than not, and
it's got really good in
France, but you can do
a whole lot of the
same things in both languages.
You can be very functional
in both and then closure.
There's another, a third one.
That's, that's, that's like a
list dialect. And that's one
that I play with quite
a bit in my free
time. I mean, that's, that's
actually one of the ones
that, ah, you know, I'd
kinda like to work towards
doing more of those points,
but there's lots of good
options, you know, Groovy on
grails. I'm pretty much guessing
it was base it's groovy
on rails previously, but it's,
it's literally that. So it
would be like a business,
more business minded web framework,
like just as rails Ruby
on rails, put Ruby literally
on rails to make you
make web applications quickly. Is
that the exact same parallel?
Yeah, it is. It's a
rails inspired, full stack, you
know, web framework, but, and,
and so, so, so you're
getting into the, the, the
whole community that's around groovy,
right. And grills is probably
the most visible one. But
before we get into that,
there's, you know, there's great
tools for unit testing that
even if you're in the
Java space and you want
to work in unit testing
unit test your Java code,
there's this thing called Spock,
which is like mr. Spock.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
But it's like spec and
mock pushed together. And w
w when I was first
doing this, I would just
use regular J unit, but
use it with groovy. And
that helped a lot. But
now that Spock is here,
it's it? That goes so
far beyond J unit. Like
it gives you some structure
to build your tests in.
It comes out of the
box with a mocking framework.
It's really nice. There's G
pars GP ARS, a concurrency
library. So it's just these
nice DSLs on various types
of concurrency and groovy. And,
and there there's, there's a
project called code Nard and
a lot of the syntactic
code analysis that you do
in gravy with, you know,
check style and find bugs
and that sort of thing
to look at your code
and tell you what's wrong.
It doesn't work on gravy,
but COVID narc duds and
Code narc, N a R
C. That's correct. Okay. Yeah.
And we use that in
our projects to look at
the code and look for
things that would be possible
bugs, or, you know, make
sure there's consistent code formatting,
that sort of stuff. And,
and those are very specific
ones. You're still free to,
you know, pull in Google
guava or standard Java libraries
that make, you know, the
regular Java community great. And
use those and get your
immutable collections and all that.
So there's a lot of
great stuff there, but you
want to talk about grills
specifically and, and that's great.
And that's a, Brillz inspired
web framework. That's really a
bunch of grieving DSLs on
top of a really well
architected Java web application out
of the box, you know,
underneath there's proven mature Java
technology is hibernate and spring
and that sort of stuff.
And you get these booty
DSLs on all of that.
So to make sure that
we're getting all the three
letter acronyms where you're saying,
okay, DSLs right. Domain specific
languages. So these are, these
are domain specific languages for,
that have been written in
groovy that allow you to
express very tersely what you're
doing. So for example, like
Yamhill files in Ruby or
a special format. So it
sounds like grails is very
domain specific. It's a top
down approach where you, if
you have a data, whether
you have a database or
not, you need a clean
domain model that will map
to that database. That's correct.
Yeah. Okay. And then does
it, does it scaffold out
or generate views? Is there
a view engine? Yes, there
is. You can absolutely do
that, but you know, the
more mature Apple your application
gets probably the further away
you move from scaffold building,
but yeah. To get something
going really quick. Yes. There's
definitely a scaffolding then. Okay.
And the, is it the
domain objects? How much do
they know? Are they kind
of like active record and
Ruby where a domain object
magically knows how it maps
to a database? Or do
you have multiple flavors of
domain objects, like view models
and models and model converters
and all that? No, the
domain objects are pretty much
state that, that you know
how to persist themselves. You
can get various plugins if
you're using something that's and,
and the plugin system is
actually something we should talk
about if you're using some
kind of new SQL or
something that there there's a
lot of ways to get
the domain objects, to map
to something other than SQL
and as guard, we actually
don't don't use domain objects
or have any kind of
database, you know, mostly what
we do is talk to
backend services, which, which is
an interesting take on, on,
on grills. There's a whole
side of it that we're
not using, but we still
find that a whole lot
of value. Interesting. So you're
not talking to databases and
using an hybrid using hibernate
and things like that. No,
basically our state is the
configuration of, of objects on
Amazon. So that's kind of,
we kind of think of
that as our database, our
state, and that's stored by
Amazon. Okay. So then when
you talk to a backend
system to ask a question
that a Netflix application needs,
you're getting back Jason or
XML, or what is the
difference That's probably happening underneath,
but we, and now we're
getting kind of into as
guard and, and it's, Amazon
has an SDK and we
have a dependency on that
and we make calls to
that. So we get back,
you know, objects, they look
like beans. Okay. So I
want to translate that, cause
I don't know what beans
are and things like that.
It's been many, many ways.
So I want to understand
that, that in a classic
groovy on grails situation, you
will be talking to some
underlying database and the, the
table data comes out and
then converts into an object
that is a groovy object.
Then you can do something
with, and then you map
that to a view. And
then you look at your
HTML, right. But in a
Netflix world, which isn't isn't
necessarily that world, you're calling
some backend service, that's ultimately
at Amazon somewhere through, like
you said, as a guard
that people can go and
look up on online and
how that works. And that's
beyond the scope of what
we're talking about. But ultimately
you're saying you consume objects,
you consume groovy objects. No,
I was just making well,
yes, but I'm just trying
to make the point that,
you know, grills is designed
for kind of, kind of
having a database and a
view on top of that.
But ultimately this state that's,
you've got domain objects and
state in a database or
something similar. And, but it
doesn't have to be, it's
a whole lot more flexible
than that. And the application
grills application that I work
on specifically, doesn't have domain
objects at all or data.
Okay. So what I then
then paraphrasing your point is
that don't look at grails
and just say, Oh, well
look, it doesn't fit exactly
with my domain objects. Therefore
I can't use it because
it's just working fine and
you don't use it in
the classic or expected way.
Right. In fact, girls can
be really flexible and, and
it's got a plugin system
with, you can write your
own plugins. There's a, but
there's tons of them out
there, hundreds and hundreds. And,
and you can use plugins
to add, you know, like
I was saying, no SQL
backends to your domain objects,
caching security, search, tagging, even
things like Twitter, bootstrap, or
angular or something. You want
to bring that in. Sometimes
you open up the plugins
and see what they're doing
and, and, and kind of
do something similar. Like if
I'm bringing angular into my
grills app, I don't, I
might not use the specific
plugin for that because I
don't want to wait on
somebody to update the library
when I want a new
version of angular or bootstrap,
you know, I want it
then as soon as it
came out and things like
that. So sometimes there's reasons
to circumvent the plugins, but
they can be very helpful
and save a lot. So
you can make views it's
model, view controller, which a
lot of people who listen
to this show are familiar
with, and you can use
a web controllers. You can
make them groovy server pages,
or I presumably plug in
other views if you prefer
other view models. Absolutely. Okay.
What about like web services?
Can groovy produce Jason and
B be a restful endpoint?
Yes, we do a lot
of that. And, and, and
as guard the grills application
I work on because people
don't just use it from
a user interface and more
and more people are scripting
against our application that Jason.
Yeah. And is that pretty
straight forward? Like, are those
things hidden when the object,
when the domain model object
or list of objects turns
into Jason, is that just
a serialization effort? It's not
a big deal. Basically. You
have to do a little
bit in your code and,
and to render Jason or
XML output rather than going
straight to the page, but
you can basically take the
same output and, and, and
wrap it up in a
little bit of code that
sends it. And, you know,
with that specific type of
output, that's actually gotten really
easier, a whole lot easier
in the, the newest version
of, of grills. Two, three,
they put in some really
good rest support. So it
really is actively being developed.
Like people notice like, Oh,
this is a problem. And
then if it gets fixed.
Oh yeah, absolutely. Okay. That's
cool. The, what was I
going to ask you? The
view, the view engines are
pluggable while they come with
a standard one, but what
about the move towards a
single page applications? Like I'm
hearing people who like to
make declarative statements saying MVC
is dead as a model
and everything is going to
be, you know, model view
controller on the client and
these Gmail, Stipe, Stipe angular
apps, where there's really effectively
nothing on the back end,
but services. How, how has
that kind of movement changed
how you use your framework
and as well as grails?
Well, that's one of the
directions that we're wanting to
go with with Asgard specifically,
you, you know, you've basically
got kind of two different
MVC layers that overlap a
little bit, right. But the,
the grills application, you start
to not use the GSPs.
That's the view layer, they're
light JSPs, which is popular
in job. Right. But it's
groovy. And it looks like
a, it's basically a template
with some groovy code in
it. But what you end
up with is a grills
back in that is really
just there to, to, to
make public restful services. Right.
And if that goes to
a page, that's actually an
angular template, you know, and
it's, it's filling in at
state from the restful service,
but, you know, Ajax calls
to this grills, restful service,
right. There's nothing wrong with
that. That's fine. And, and
grill still offers a whole
lot to, to help you
there a built system that
can even manage your static
resources, like, you know, your,
your HTML templates, CSS, and
JavaScript, and that sort of
thing. And, and B your
restful services service end point
That's that's cool. So you
actually answered exactly what I
wanted to hear, which is
that when you, when you,
when you buy into an
environment like this, you're buying
into their, their NVC pattern,
but you're also getting their
build system and their serialization
style and their view models
and their view engine and
all these things. And even
in a world where we
are moving towards a lot
of JavaScript on the front
end and not a lot
going on in the backend,
there's still value in a
framework like this. Sure, sure.
And does it prescribe one
way or the other, or
the other talks about like,
you know, in rails, they're
very opinionated and every version
there'll be some big opinionated
declaration. Like this is the
version where we go out
to coffee script, and this
is the version where we've
introduced immediate pipelines. What's the
sense of opinionated ness in
the grails community? Not like
that. I mean, there's a,
there's an, the fault that's
picked, you know, like the,
the standard database used to
be, I forgot what it
used to do. It, they
change it to H to
they, they, they, they change
out their default, the testing
framework. It used to be
J unit. Now it's Spock,
which I was talking about
earlier as default. So they
provide the faults, but then
very, very often you're going
to have plugins will pop
up that let you plug
in whatever you want for
that. Or, you know, you
can do it yourself. It's
not opinionated to the point
where you can't do your
own thing. Mainly somebody has
got to pick out a
fault, right. To make it
work out of the box.
Right. I guess it's whether
or not they pick a
default or whether they impose
the default upon you. No,
imposing. Now it doesn't feel
like it's imposed. Okay. Well,
that's good to know. Yeah.
I think as someone who
works on the asp.net side
on MVC, there's a lot
of kind of pressure too,
from some parts of the
community to say, you know,
make a decision and make
a default. And then other
people say, well, make it
as plugable as possible so
I can change and swap
out anything and tough. It's
tough to find that happy,
a happy medium. Oh yeah.
But the, the plugin you
give us the plugin, the
community and the plugin ecosystem
really helped that. Yeah. Yeah.
Definitely. And are, is this
something that you think is,
is expanding inside of Netflix
more and more people are
moving to grails? Cause they're
seeing other teams doing well,
It's popular. Yeah. You know,
you have a few applications,
internal applications that, that, that
are popular and people use
every day. And when it's
time to do another one,
people tend to take what
was successful and keep on
going with that. People see
that, you know, grills is
fun and easy to develop
then. And yeah, several more
girls applications pop up. We've
got another one called ice
that has a Netflix open
source girls' application that tells
you how much money you're
spending in the cloud, basically
Ice, ice. Yes. And then
when someone at Netflix starts
a project, they just decide,
just pick a language or
do you have to ask
permission to No, no, you
don't ask any kind of
permission. And that's like, it's
really, you know, they're big
on saying freedom and responsibility.
So you've got the freedom
to do whatever you want,
but you're responsible for making
it work. So ultimately your
decision isn't, it's not one
there's prescribed languages. You have
to pick. But as long
as you pick one of
those, like you couldn't bring
in something completely out of
the out of left field.
Could you, you, could you
cut? Absolutely. Yeah. But then
you'd have to maintain it,
I assume. Yeah. You're putting
a burden in place if
you, if you were to,
you know, make this really
unique thing and then, and
then leave and they'd have
to find somebody else with
a skillset to, you know,
to pick up from there.
But that's, you know, you've
got the freedom to do
that. If it's, if it's
something you think is the
right thing to do, it's
a, it's a great culture
to be a part of
the Netflix culture. Oh, absolutely.
Yeah. It's just wonderful to
get that sort of freedom
and, and be trusted. I
like to, I like to
tell a story about a
Netflix person. I forget his
name. I could go and
search for it, but he's
like the chief architect, he's
a British guy. So like
a PhD in like white
hair. Do you know who
I'm talking about? Let me
look this up. He's like
the chief cloud architect and
he was at a, a
conference and he was talking
about, Oh, Adrian, Adrian Cockcroft
yes. Oh yeah. Okay. So
he was at this conference
and he was talking about,
you know, using Cassandra and
he was talking about moving
Netflix to Europe and you
know, how the relationship with
Amazon works. And he was
talking about how many more
IOPS, how many more, you
know, operations per second. He
was getting using SSDs over
spinning rushed and how he
really preferred those. And he
was saying, well, it's, you
know, it's three times more
expensive. It's 10 times faster.
This is a no brainer.
And he's wise and he's
got chief in his title
and he's English. So everyone
respects him immediately. And then
he, a young person in
the audience started kind of
still stood up and asking
a bunch of questions and
lecturing him about how SSDs
fail. And the guy goes
on and on and on,
and Adrian is letting him
talk. And then he says,
what do you think about
that? And Adrian says, I
don't care. I'm renting them.
That's that's Amazon's problem. You
know, and it was, it
was fantastic, you know, like
he should have just dropped
the mic and just, you
know, or even even throwing
the mic at the kid,
because it was kind of
galling for the kid to
kind of call him out
like that. But at the
same time he handled, it
was such a plum, but
it completely changed my perspective
on the level at which
one operates at Val computing.
Oh yeah. It's totally different.
So, so people, you know,
I would work on that
on the, on girls obligation
that, that, that manages are
people use to self service
and manage their deployments and
their Amazon objects. Right. And
sometimes people get almost offended
of, you know, that you're
just wiping out servers and
creating new ones. I know
how wasteful, but it's a
different mindset. You know, some
people are used to treating
their servers like their puppies
and in the cloud, you
treat your servers like they're
cattle. Wow. That's deep you,
I didn't come up with
that, but it's very true.
Do you know who came
up with that so we
can credit them appropriately? No,
but I can look it
up. It's great. Yeah. Yeah.
You're absolutely right. And the
cloud computing changes your speed
at which you work. It
changes your financial model. It
changes what you choose and
how you choose to deploy
how you treat this, this
cattle. I like that. Yeah.
Well, thanks so much for
chatting with me today. Clay
McCoy from Netflix. Absolutely. Thank
you. This has been another
episode of Hanselminutes and we'll
see you again next week.